okay step one in kidney removal then a
loosen the clamps you spin pretty much
pretty loosened already remove this one
clamp here is one connector here and
then it should just pull away that's it
there's kidneys we'll get these out of
here
you
okay now
we've got it removed we've got the
intake remove now we're gonna focus on
removing the kidneys and then we're
going to install these nice billet plugs
that Frank Raymond milled up for us if
anybody's interested he'll he'll be glad
to supply these to you
and all you need is just a way to secure
them I've got these nice hose clamps
right here and to kind of make them
discreet I thought that I might add some
maybe some shrink wrap to him you can
also if so desire you could use tie
wraps a nice black tie wrap that's
another option I think I'm gonna go with
the C clamps today anyway first step I'm
gonna take a little adult beverage now
I've already removed one of the clamps
as you can see I'm gonna take the other
one off it's pretty straightforward just
get yourself a nice heavy-duty set of
dikes couple twists got that off now
this should just pull right away
pretty straightforward and this is
history now I'm gonna insert the two
plugs
go in pretty straightforward make sure
they're they're flush and then I have
I'm gonna put this on shortly but
basically these will go over that and
we'll get to that in a second that's
next
you
okay now we're gonna go to step two I'm
gonna prep the c-clamps as you can see
here I've already put a piece of shrink
sleeving on here and I've used the heat
gun to make clean it up make it nice and
tight pretty much a simple simple
process just kind of straighten houses
and bind too much and you slipping it on
just kind of slide it on supposed to
just fly it on did before already going
and you don't really need to bring it
all the way back to the screw like this
one here if you notice I went only so
far because there's gonna be in the back
there's gonna be out of sight we're
gonna have this position back here to
where nobody can see it I mean - I mean
to the rear where nobody will see it
like that and then just break out the
heat gun cranking it and when I'm done
I'll come back and we'll do the final
steps okay we're on the next step now as
you can see I've shrunk wrap all these
just fine now already secured one looks
pretty good and again this will be from
the front and nobody oh that's what
people will see basically right there
and it kind of slips on pretty
straightforward I put it on that way for
that one do the same for this just kind
of line it up best I can right there and
just tighten it up and that's pretty
much it
we'll come back we'll finish this up and
we'll put it back in the car
you
okay here we are final step we're gonna
install Frank's design as you can see
it's nice and clean should go in pretty
nice and we just have to secure these
two guys and that's it
it's pretty much it not a whole lot to
it there you go
I think it looks pretty nice you can see
it's pretty discreet goes in pretty easy
just a couple of parts one run to the
hardware store and she was done hope
everybody enjoyed thanks Raymond looks
great bye
you
you go no kidneys
everybody enjoyed